Grids: update Keyboard Navigation topics (#7341)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/05 Accessibility/15 Keyboard Navigation.md

> DataGrid offers different keyboard controls depending on what action users wish to perform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataGrid offers different keyboard controls depending on which action users want to perform.
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>&larr; &rarr; &uarr; &darr;</td>
        <td>Moves focus between cells.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Tab<br/>Shift + Tab</td>

>         <td>Moves focus forward/backward between all DataGrid items.</td>

Reviewer 2: I would replace items -> rows

Author: I chose "items" here cause Tab & Shift+Tab also work on column headers, the pager, group panel, and other elements.

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Ctrl + &uarr;<br/>Ctrl + &darr;</td>

>         <td>Moves focus between the component's areas, such as the cell area, column headers area, and group panel.</td>

Reviewer 2: I would replace the cell area -> the data area. And where are the other elements - filter row, filter panel and pager ?

Author: I didn't want to list all possible areas as the sentence would be too long. Evidently, I can communicate the fact that there are more areas available more effectively:
```suggestion
        <td>Moves focus between the component's areas, such as the data area, column headers area, group panel, and others.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Shift + Mouse Wheel</td>

>         <td>Scrolls content left/right if horizontal scrolling is active.</td>

Reviewer 2: Actually, this only works with native scrolling. It doesn't work with simulated scrolling. I think we can talk about this.

        <td>Enables/cycles focused column sorting without clearing previous sorting options if <b>sorting</b>.<a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/sorting/#mode">mode</a> is "multiple".</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Ctrl + Enter<br/>Ctrl + Space<br/>Ctrl + Click</td>
        <td>Disables focused column sorting. Does not clear previous sorting options if <b>sorting</b>.<b>mode</b> is "multiple".</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Ctrl + &rarr;<br/>Ctrl + &larr;</td>
        <td>Moves the focused column header right/left if <b>columns[]</b>.<a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#allowReordering">allowReordering</a> is enabled.</td>
    </tr>
</table>

### Column Grouping

<table class="dx-table full-width">
    <tr>
        <th>Key</th>
        <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Ctrl + G</td>
        <td>Groups data by focused column values if <b>columns[]</b>.<a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#allowGrouping">allowGrouping</a> is enabled.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Shift + Ctrl + G<br/>Delete<br/>Backspace</td>

>         <td>Ungroups data by focused column values.</td>

Reviewer 2: This phrase confuses me. I would simply write Ungroup the focused column....

>         <td>Ungroups data by focused column values.</td>

Reviewer 2: The backspace and delete buttons only work for columns in group panel.
